Xiao bai
I like you
I knew nothing about love before
Now I just want to do more things
To make you happy
♪ My dreams finally came true ♪
♪ When this treasured love is written into
the chapters of the story ♪
♪ Thinking of you on every page ♪
♪ When all I see is the colour of you
in the pictures on display ♪
♪ Unexpectedly... ♪
♪ Because of you... ♪
♪ Things changed... ♪
♪ To enjoy this pure and unearthly love
would sketch out my incomplete wish ♪
♪ Unexpectedly... ♪
♪ Without knowing... ♪
♪ Without sensing... ♪
♪ I am reading into Fortune's eyes hoping to see
the outline of your profile ♪
♪ You are the warm tangled space lingering in my heart ♪
♪ The love that possesses unspeakable fate ♪
♪ The debt I have yet to repay in my hasty regrets ♪
♪ Even if the storm urges our separation ♪
♪ Even if the luxuries and bustle fade ♪
♪ Silently forgotten ♪
♪ Feelings remain unchanged ♪
♪ My heart's filled with the sweetness of the world ♪
♪ Reunion ♪
♪ Our first meeting ♪
♪ When your concern messes up my heart strings ♪
♪ The sea of flowers sways uncontrollably ♪
♪ When endless loneliness seeps into your eyes ♪
♪ Inevitably... ♪
♪ Our thoughts of each other... ♪
♪ Spins into a cocoon... ♪
♪ Transforming into words before our old dreams
flutter away ♪
♪ Inevitably... ♪
♪ Like the wind... ♪
♪ Chasing the moon... ♪
♪ I could let go of the universe but I can’t let go of you ♪
♪ You are the warm tangled space lingering in my heart ♪
♪ The love that possesses unspeakable fate ♪
♪ The debt I have yet to repay in my hasty regrets ♪
♪ Even if the storm urges our separation ♪
♪ Even if the luxuries and bustle fade ♪
♪ Silently forgotten ♪
♪ Feelings remain unchanged ♪
♪ My heart's filled with the sweetness of the world ♪
Lyric Translation By:
@dramamic
Xiao bai
We'll stay together forever
We'll never be apart again